https://dev.azure.com/lokeshwararao2000/Room1754/_sprints/capacity/Room1754%20Team/Room1754/Iteration%201
What is the issues or challenges you faced as a Devops Engineer in your life
Yes, yes. So as a DevOps engineer, I have come across various challenges. So first of all, like biggest challenges like setting up, like robust or CI CD pipelines.
So whatever pipelines we have set up, right? Somehow, like a few pipelines, they fail, like they fail due to various reasons, like complex dependencies or some integration issue, or there is some kind of syntax issue, right? So due to that, pipelines fail, and we have to fix that. So that is one of the challenges.
Other than that, in infrastructure as code, also, I have faced lot of issues like writing the TerraForm code. There is also, like, a syntax related issue sometimes, right? Or there is some one resource depending on the other resource. So there is also dependency issue, right?
Other than that, coming to Git, right? So I've been working on GitHub. So mostly, what happens that whenever I raise a poll, because there are several times I will see a conflict, right? So we have to resolve all those conflicts, right? These type of issues I've seen now coming to infrastructure level, I have seen like security related issues as well, like, let's say how to secure your sensitive information. Like, let's say you are using database password or API tokens and how to secure them, right? So that is also a challenge, so we have used like Azure Key Vault for that right now. Other than that, we have also faced two challenges related to scalability. So what happens that you have to make your application in such a way that it should be scalable under high traffic, right? So you have to implement auto scaling on the Kubernetes level and Kubernetes pod level, all these things, and you need to also make sure that it does not consume lot of resources right to control the cost as well. Yeah. So these type of several challenges I have come across in my career as a DevOps engineer. Yes, yes. Coming to like scalability challenges. So, like, in order to handle the traffic spike, we implemented auto scaling. So we implemented this cluster auto scaler on Kubernetes, which used to do cluster level auto scaling. And we also implemented Kubernetes pod level auto scaling. Like, in order to make it scale horizontally, and in order to, like, do the resource optimization, we make sure that we include memory and CPU limits in the manifest file, other than that coming to cost optimization, so we have implemented resource tagging. Each and every resource that we create has tags on it. 
Why we write Shell Scripting
like, over my career, like, I have written shell script to automate some small tasks. Like, for example, there is a Docker running on a virtual machine.
So what happens that sometimes the disk gets exhausted due to, like, too much, too many Docker images, right? So I wrote a share script in order to automate the task, to remove the images which are older than 30 days, right? 
So that shell script used to run on crontab, and it used to check for all the images which are older than 30 day, and it used to remove
